samples: matter: Fixed BLE advertising when not in pairing mode. (#5286)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/light_bulb/README.rst

    :start-after: matter_door_lock_sample_commissioning_start
    :end-before: matter_door_lock_sample_commissioning_end

> Before starting the commissioning procedure, the device must be discoverable over Bluetooth LE that starts automatically upon the device startup, but only for a predefined period of time (15 minutes by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the commissioning procedure, the device must be made discoverable over Bluetooth LE, which starts automatically upon the device startup, but only for a predefined period of time (15 minutes by default).
```

> If the Bluetooth LE advertising times out, you can re-enable pressing the **Button 4**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Bluetooth LE advertising times out, you can re-enable it by pressing **Button 4**.
```
